#### EVD300K：ECG Vision Dataset

#### Introduction

A large-scale visual dataset of more than 300,000 ECG images, 97% of which are from different individuals. Unlike the previous ECG datasets based on one-dimensional signal levels, this dataset is mainly utilized for the recognition of abnormal ECG morphology.The current version is 300K, and the total number of samples is 325761.

The samples were obtained from standard short-duration 12-lead ECG images recorded in the outpatient and inpatient (speed: 25 mm/s; sensitivity: 10 mm/mV). Diagnostic reports were generated by specialists in ECG diagnosis. Each sample contained a complete diagnostic conclusion. We pre-extracted eight common ECG morphological abnormalities as classification targets  (Classification targets: Myocardial infarction (MI), Left bundle branch block (LBBB), Right bundle branch block (RBBB), Left anterior fascicular block (LAFB), Left atrial enlargement (LAE), Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH), I◦atrial ventricular block (IAVB), Pre-excitation syndrome (WPW)). Of course, one can also customize one's own tasks with the diagnostic conclusions. Each sample contained an 8-second short-duration 12-lead ECG image, and the original image in the dataset was rasterized into a 300 dpi greyscale bitmap (2220×2352). To reduce the reading pressure, pre-cropping (longitudinal cropping) was performed according to each cardiac cycle. 



#### File structure
```
**├── png100/**   <------------------ Uncropped 100dpi PNG image. (Have been packaged with RAR)    
**├── crops/**    <------------------ The pre-cropped image. (Have been packaged with RAR)    
**├── example/**  <------------------ Several examples of data samples in crops and png100 folders    
**├── labels.csv**    <-------------- Unprocessed sample label    
**├── labels_cls8.csv**    <--------- 8 classes of pre-extracted    
**├── test1000_list.csv**     <------ Test set file name list    
**├── expert1_result.csv**    <------ Test set results for ECG Expert 1    
**├── expert2_result.csv**    <------ Test set results for ECG expert 2    
**└── readme.txt**
```


#### Download link:

https://pan.baidu.com/s/1PslGkzJc1I1hLrMglmUoLQ  Password: qfdt
